Cut 0.11.0 (#93)
prometheus-community/codemirror-promql: CHANGELOG.md

0.11.0 / 2020-12-08
===================

* **[Feature]**: Add the completion of the keyword `bool` (#89)

> * **[Feature]**: Add a function `enricher` that can be used to enrich the completion with a custom one

Reviewer: Is this a duplicate of the point below ("Allow the possibility to inject a custom `CompleteStrategy`")?

Author: ah no it's two different things. `enricher` won't override the default completion strategy, but you can implement your own `CompletionStrategy` and do not use the default one if you want

* **[Feature]**: Add a LRU caching system.(#71)
* **[Feature]**: you can now configure the maximum number of metrics in Prometheus for which metadata is fetched.
* **[Feature]**: Allow the possibility to inject a custom `CompleteStrategy` (#83)
* **[Feature]**: Provide the Matchers in the PrometheusClient for the method `labelValues` and `series` (#84)
* **[Feature]**: Add the method `metricName` in the PrometheusClient that supports a prefix of the metric searched. (#84)
* **[Enhancement]**: Caching mechanism and PrometheusClient are splitted. (#71)

> * **[Enhancement]**: Optimize the code of the PrometheusClient when no cache is using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Enhancement]**: Optimize the code of the PrometheusClient when no cache is being used.
```
